let's go not proud we are home
what's happened all 75 people are dead
in the greatest disaster in college
sports history
this is all what see thank you should
have this back Chris gave it to you
I promised the mothers that I'd look
after their sons there's not one of them
left you might cancel the program this
ain't right I'm sorry a Jacqueline girl
called
says he may be interested in the open
coaching job why do you want this job
when I heard about what had happened the
only thing I could think about was how
bad it would hurt it's some solution for
them and I thought maybe I can help this
is my varsity team huh two new name is
we gotta get creative about who we're
going after
not that you think you're the only one
that's had it rough
we're not honoring up Jack or this crazy
this is not about a game this is about
what happened to this town there's
something I think y'all need to hear
our past we cannot forget that
your opportunity to rise from the ashes
Geraldine today
one day we're gonna be like every other
day but winning is everything
and nothing else matters and when that
bag
we will honor them
what day is it son what day time to play
to the whistle blows